---
title: "Grind Report: Day x"
date: "October 7, 2024"
---

**Current stage:** English 2; ML  
**Duration:** ~2 hours  
**Satisfaction:** ⭐⭐⭐★★  

----

So, I almost missed today's grind report. I am too procrastinate because of losing interest with many things. But, at the same time I have a dream that I want to make it real. It makes me feel frustrated.

My progress today is I started with learning english as usual (or at least I'm trying to make it usual), then I remembered that I have a submission deadline for activity plan that act like a grant proposal for the next 3 month funding. I'm basically living with scholarship fund right now and the paycheck always got paid once in 3 months.

Next, I tried to start learning machine learning (what a repeating word, haha). But it doesn't go well, I ended up almost fell asleep yet after that I gave up and lie on bed then sleep for a while. Until I heard Iqomah from nearest mosque, then I realized I've slept for about 2 hours :).

Learning "machine learning" I consider as failed.

But this evening, I try to think again, because I don't feel like learning "machine learning" through watching youtube videos will be the effective ways. So I try to open an ebook and read it without hoping that I got something from it. But it turns out that I've followed the flow with at least 10 pages so far. I think I'm gonna use reading textbook method, instead of watch along youtube videos.

The book's title that I'm using to learn:
Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow (O'Relly)


Well, that's it, I still need to practice my writing skills, since I still confuse on how to use preposition, how to use "-s" or "-es" for plural words, and others.